number 25 the earth isn't actually
orbiting around the Sun it's orbiting
around the solar system center of mass
known as the barycenter although this
point often falls within the mass of the
Sun it can be shifted by the pull of
larger planets there for at least some
of the time everything in the solar
system is orbiting around empty space
number 24 your tongue does not have
different regions dedicated to different
tastes every taste can be sensed on
every part of the tongue number 23
picking up baby birds and returning them
to their nests will not cause their
mothers to reject them number 22
sugar doesn't actually make you hyper
and yes the idea of a sugar rush is
mythical according to recent science
it's all a placebo effect number 21
chameleons don't change their colors to
blend into their surroundings they
change their color to communicate number
20 Napoleon was actually taller than the
average Frenchman number 19 Vikings
didn't have horns on their helmets
number 18 chewing gum doesn't take seven
years to digest it actually can't be
digested at all and will pass right
through you as is number 17 redheads and
blondes aren't going extinct they're
becoming more rare as the world
population increases but in order to go
extinct every single person carrying
redhead genes would have to die or not
reproduce number 16 no bat is blind
while many species do use echolocation
some have excellent night vision and
don't rely on echolocation at all number
15 life expectancy in the Middle Ages
wasn't as low as you think the average
age was brought down but that was mostly
because of a high infant mortality rate
most adults lived well into their 60s
number 14 your fingers don't wrinkle
because they absorbed water they wrinkle
because your brain tells them to why
though no one is sure number 13 the
Coriolis effect doesn't actually change
the direction the toilet flushes it only
affects large body's water if your
toilet flushes backwards it's because
the water enters the toilet backwards
number 12 there's no such thing as a
banana tree
it's a banana plane number 11 goldfish
don't have a three-second memory it's
actually much better than that
number ten sharks actually do get cancer
number nine cracking your knuckles won't
lead to arthritis number eight you can
see the pyramids from farther away in
space than you can see the Great Wall of
China which can't even be seen from the
International Space Station number seven
dropping a penny from the top of the
Empire State Building will not kill
someone
number six fingernails and hair do not
continue to grow after death the
surrounding skin will start to recede
however so and they appear as though
they are growing number five a duck's
quack does in fact echo and yes there
are people out there who believe that it
doesn't number four dogs don't sweat
through their tongue most of their sweat
glands are located in their foot pads
while pin ting does keep them cool
panting does not equal sweating number
three while the Supreme Court did rule
that tomatoes are vegetables in the
legal sense for the purpose of Taxation
in next verse Hedden they did not claim
their vegetables in any botanical sense
they are still fruits number two
poinsettias are not lethal they may
upset your pet stomach but they won't
kill anything and number one the color
orange was named after the fruit and not
the other way around if you liked the
video you just saw then consider
clicking on the button at the top right
to subscribe also check out our other
popular videos 25 alarming facts about
organ trafficking and 25 things that
sound too crazy to be true but they are
if you're still itching for more go
ahead and check out our website at least
25 calm for a whole bunch Poulos